[CS] Broken compilation search added (#30353)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/commit_slider/dev_guide.md

# How to customize CS for specific user case

> To face the user case we should answer several clear some aspects.

Reviewer: Looks like typo:
```suggestion
To face the user case we should clarify some aspects.
```

Author: Admitted.
